I think when it's on, the introduction is to just look at the bright space. Oh, it's about to sound good. You know, you know me, right? Probably climb the tower. No, no. I broke it. Oh, man. Bro, I was training boxing and I broke it. Yeah. He was not training boxing. He's lying to you. He punched a medicine ball. I think he was doing something else. Yeah, I was trying to do... I was punching the medicine bowl to condition my knuckles for the piping. I missed the medicine bowl and I hit the metal full speed. Oh jeez. No, my knuckles are perfectly fine, but the metric bubble going here, I split it into three pieces and I gone through surgery, they realized the metal. Where do you train, bro? Bro, I train because... Where do you train? But in the social life, like in the social life as a gym dancer. But like there's no way I'm going to act well every day. Maybe for swimming I might go two, three times through. But I'm going to go more to act well because I don't have any other option than to swim because this is going to, you know, disable me from working out. But they say you can swim. So I'm probably going to go to act well. Yeah, I'm just not a strange shape. Yeah, just a strange shape because I'm getting fat, man. I can see that, bro. No, I'm just kidding, bro. I actually got skinny, you know, rather than my arms in the end. Once your hand is repaired and you're good, we should go sparring sometime. Where did you train? The martial arts gym? No, the boxing one. It's not like the max one, it's the one where I have to describe it. It just looks like the basketball court inside. I got it. I went there. Did you get a haircut too? No, I just go out. I went there for like a test. Yeah, a trial thing. A trial thing, yeah. I didn't like it. Both, you know. I have a football sample and I didn't like it because it was so low level. So I'm probably going to go to a friend of mine. You have like start to start place? Yeah, and fight academy. Yeah, I don't know about that one. A friend of mine goes there for his gigboxing. He says that it's really fun. Is this the model we got for someone else? No, he's from, I think it's Vaijan or something. I can understand that Vaijan perfectly well, but I can't talk it very much. I'm not even sure what algebra is bro, I can't find it. You're not sure? I'm not sure. Same place. Yeah. I'm turning up the tree leaves and doing fuck off. Yeah. I spent the last week waking up at noon. I feel like I'm at 8 am today. I've only seen this morning. The first half was just about, like Lexus, Lexa, my friend Paul, the galaxy. The second half was about, this is a bit of a fairy next to him. You can recall actually on the lecture slide, you didn't really need to go. You teach your books better than jump. He looks a bit... Yeah. He looks a bit soft. Interesting. He doesn't look like a good person. I thought he was a student, but he liked it a lot. I don't know, his face is about to go off. He's not really. His face is particular. Not anything else. Why don't? I mean, two parts in tonsils. Two parts in tonsils. Fortunately, I'm watching it. I want to walk kind of into the books. There's one that I know, and India more. Welcome. We've got two of us right now. I think you've all been at the lecture. Okay, so let's start. Maybe some people will enter with this. My name is not Dr. Albert and I use of course your lecture. I'll be your learning group teacher. My name is Kyle Arms. It says mister. This is also happens to be the next title for someone who graduated or master. So you can only master and so forth. Okay, so in the lecture, We will be discussing some questions, practical questions and answers to the workbook. I should mention that you should only be prepared. It is of course tricky because you have only just seen the lecture, right? So you cannot use the lecture and the information of the lecture when you are preparing stuff. So it's all fine, of course. We don't have any details straight, but it is advisable to be prepared. So we can all discuss the answers. They don't have to be right answers, correct answers. But it's nice to have an answer. Just be able to enjoy the discussion. OK. Any questions before we start? So my colleague only wants to read each one here? I think this is all the practical stuff. I think it was mentioned in the lecture. We only discuss part A, so either a part A, or some extensive sort of a law. So the procedural law part, some of my expertise, I don't know a lot about it, some about it, but that will be my focus, the second part will be on it. So these are really two separate parts. So if you have part B questions, feel free to ask, but I don't, I probably won't have the answer, so I will direct you to my focus. Yes, today we have two topics. First, we'll discuss the Hill principle, some questions regarding the Hill principle. And then I think after the break, we will discuss theories and questions. Two different subjects. OK. And we'll go through relevant thoughts on criminal law. Is there anyone here who has some criminal law experience? No, I'm so sorry, that was my answer. Did you arrive from the lecture, right? Yes. Yes, of course. Is this OK? I don't mind if people are a bit late. I understand. So next time, I will also start in about 5, 4, and 10. So the guarantee principle. So any questions before we start? Then we can start. I will read the first question. These are just really basic little questions, just a little case, few facts, and then a question. And A committed theft. We don't know what theft is, so we do not have a specific provision here that's not necessary. We'll discuss that. I think next week we'll get into the details. But now it's just as long as everyone has a notion of theft, right, taking something from another. So when A committed theft, the maximum penalty was two years in prison. During trial, the maximum penalty is raised to four years. So apparently, it's considered to be more serious. Question, can any descendants in four years imprisonment? I think you all have a sense of justice. I think many people would say what this sounds tricky, yes? I would say no, because of the justification would be traced back to the next media clause, which would mean that the most lenient punishment would have to be applied at the time before the Dutchman. Mm-hmm. So I think you're... The answer is correct in a way that this is not allowed. You are using the next meteor clause. I think here you do not have to use this exception, we'll see later. Which subprinciple of the legality principle applies? So that's a correct answer. That's the basic principle here. I think you mentioned the exception can be relevant in a court case like this. But here we can see that the punishment is actually after committing a crime, the punishment was mixed two years before. So then, of course, we have the conditional retroactive effect, and that's in the politics of Arabia. You cannot use out of effect, you cannot use this. I think this is in the slides, provision of retroactive effect. We don't find this on the right space. On the vision of retroactive effect established in punishment or aggravating punishment. So this is a case of aggravating punishment. It was already a crime, but the maximum penalty was two years and it was four years. We can never impose war in two years in this country. If you look at your own sense of justice, who would say this is reasonable? Who would say I agree with this principle? Is it just opinion? Who would say why not impose war in this country? Apparently, we do think it's more serious, so... No, I don't think so. Okay. But I was using that, so... For she to be with you, for most. Most have to be foreseeable, so this was probably not foreseeable. And therefore, we say this is... This is not a really hard question. Let's go to the next one. A is a suspect of murder. During the police investigation, the law has changed. From this time home, it is allowed for the investigative authorities to take a DNA specimen from the suspect against his will. So, that's the case. Question. Question of course you can see this coming from a line away. This new rule may be applied to the neuroinvestigation against A. Is this true or not? So who would say this is false? We cannot use this new rule. If you do say true, you can use this new rule. Just be honest, who says I don't have a clue? That sounds fine. So the answer is true. But even if after effect the law changes and it is allowed to take the expression from the suspect against his will, that is a lot. So now some people may say, well, this sounds like a contradiction of the stuff we discussed in question A. The prohibition of retroactive effects. What happens? It doesn't really matter because it's all after an effect. So the committing of the crime is of course the point where you see what is there. And the commission of the crime, what was the law? And the commission of the crime, this was not a possibility. during trial or investigation, whatever, after effect, this rule changes. So is this a substantive rule? So this is part B. The change is made in the procedural criminal rule. This principle does not apply. So the whole, was this foreseeable for A? It is not relevant. So maybe this was unforeseeable for A? Can anyone think of a reason why in the case of procedural criminal rule, this principle does not apply? So we don't see a problem here. It is not in criminal rule. So what's the fundamental difference? The procedural restrictions of the investigators. Does it restrict the violators' rights and knowledge of the consequences of these acts? Yeah, I think I would say that this doesn't make sense, at least something along those lines. Because you couldn't forsake something is not in crime. When you do something and it's after you did it, someone says, well, it's a crime right now and you're approaching it. And you're not doing that. But I don't think someone would not commit a murder, saying, well, if they don't take my DNA, that's fine, but at some point, if they can take my DNA, then that's for me. That would be a reason to not commit a murder. And so this foreseeablety argument doesn't play a role in this case. So this is something we should know. She's no longer this person. Having said that, that's part of this stuff. This is just something you should know and I think the answer is my own words. And it doesn't really matter if this is foreseeable or not. Because it's not considering concerning punishment. So procedural rules will never be a reason for someone to commit a non-community threat. Or maybe they could be prepared, we don't care. Questions? Let's go to question three. A is charged with possession of cannabis, which was a crime at the time of the act. Depending on the criminal procedure, He won't be prosecuted because of the Lex mutual clause which that says that if the law is effective at the time of completion but it's changed for the judgment then the most lenient law is applied such as the cancellation or restrictive restriction of a provision. Next, meet your close, close and close. So, in a sentence, it's lower. So, we'll elevate it. It's a situation where the most meaningful should be applied. So, this actually works in the paper. So, it has to be applied. Any other situations for this principle of law? mitigation of the punishment or new grounds for justification of its uses. So the judge is obligated to apply the ruling with that. Okay, so it's good to know that this only applies in cases where the new law is in favor of the defendant. So in the case of the first question, we also used this principle, that there the new law was, it was even, was aggravated. So there this principle does not work. So, don't use it for your time, only if it's more faithful. Question so far. I think this was pretty straightforward stuff. I mean, it's either correct or isn't. Now we'll get a bit more into the leads. Question 4a. A is charged with indecency. And a provision is provided here. A term of imprisonment of not more than three months shall be imposed for indecency in or at a place designated for public interest. So before we talk about theft, I think everyone has a pretty clear concept of the crime of theft, right? Now we are discussing indecency. So I think we can agree that indecency is a free nature, right? A lot of stuff is clearly indecent. A lot of things may be indecent to some people and what can be defined to others. So the question here is, A submits that this provision violates the legality principle. So why would that be? What would be an argument for A statement that this provision clearly violates? Did you see the lecture? Can you take a photo? Next certa, certa law has to be foreshadowed, so at least some level of position of history. So the court can say, they can say anything in the trial. This is way too vague, this should not be correct. So next certa principle. Permission of two uncertain laws. So before we continue, we would say this law to me is too uncertain. I think this is too uncertain. This is complete madness. Well, I just think that the term is just not clearly described in what is in essence. I think you can agree it's not that clear. The rational question isn't too vague. I mean, a little vague is probably fine, but if it's too vague, so we have to look at this. Did anyone see another possible vague news in this position? We focus on indecency, but there may be something else. Yeah, of course you can say, well, when it's decimated from a movement, that could also be vague. So of course, we can have discussion about that. We'll focus on indecency. Of course, there can be several terms in that position. OK, so back to indecency. Before we continue, what would happen if a judge declares this provision to be a contradiction to a certain principle? What would be the ultimate consequence? The formal legislature will move to make a change to the whole. Yeah, I guess maybe the other can make sense, but what would be the consequence for the defendant? Well, he's going to be acquitted. Because the law will be clear in any body. So it has a pretty far-reaching consequence. It doesn't happen a lot. It's really rare for this to happen. But that would be a consequence. And just we have to say, this law shall make you just throw it in first. And then there would be no liability. It's possible. So I don't think we're going to get there. I think this is funny, I really don't know what this means. It's not allowed to be. So let's continue on the film district. Question 4b. There's some case law where the PC can start states following. An offense must be clearly the following law. Next act. This requirement is satisfied where the individual can know from the wording of the relevant probation, which is made. And it may be, with the assistance of the court's interpretation of it, what exhumations will make in the early 90s. So this is really useful. The first part is, can know from the wording of the relevant probation of something is another one. And it can agree that the UCC is pretty bad. But of course, we don't only have the provision of the exact word, we also have the interpretation of the forms. So of course, you can look occasionally to find a more specific definition of meaning of certain terms and provisions. Okay, question for me. Explain on the basis of this passage under what circumstances the provision of indecency might actually be important with article 7? So the provision does not violate the development principle if the law is formulated in sufficient position to enable the citizen to regulate the stronger, which is the case that supports interpretation of this provision makes clear what is punctual. I think you also gave some examples, right? So, probably in K-Saw, you will find specific examples, say, this was created by a nation, this was created, this was loaded, considered to be produced in K-Saw, and then you can make a more educated test student, because we're going to do this, and this is not. Well, so if there's K-Saw available at all, which at first may be too vague, may be important, but we're going to be able to do this through. Okay, so let's now just think of some concrete examples. So let's say someone is walking around on the mark, I think you heard it. Who would say this is? Everybody. Who would say this is okay? So I think this is a clear example of everyone agrees. So now let's say there's a guy walking there without a shirt. Who would say indecent behavior? Well, probably people of strict religion. So still it's a really small up to those societies that don't have a problem, particularly dealing with this. There are always some people who find something fancy from here. Some people may say this is a decency. But then, of course, I guess, I hope we don't forget about the decency. So some people may disagree. So now let's say this guy is holding his shirtless, but he also is only wearing another pants. You would say indecency? This is just guessing, of course. Okay, so now we reach the point where we say, okay, so if we take these trousers off, there's an underpants, probably a decency. If he takes off his underpants, it's probably, it's definitely going to be a recent behavior. Okay, so now let's say there's a woman wearing pants with no top of her. Who would say indecent behavior? Okay, so this is of course interesting because this is fair. And then the guy was probably fine. So you can have a whole discussion about this of course. And maybe that's not close to indecency. So if this girl takes everything off, or this guy, or whatever, then it's completely increasing. So this is a nice way to... Okay, next question. Let's say someone is completely naked in their own house. For others, for street level, the windows are open, the curtains are open. Everyone can see what's happening inside. But it's your problem. Yes. It's your private space. No. Let's go back to the provisions. And where? You need to think about the public territory. What does the provision say? I cannot remember it. We should see in or at a place. SMA is for public movement. So, of course, your house is not designated for public movement, but it is effing based on public movement. Let's say you live next to a kindergarten. Okay, you have curtains, images, you make it for open. Someone leaves the curtains open. You make it for open? Yes sir. It's just... That may be some excuse, whatever, but we just need to consider what is this provision and this one. A provision, yes, because it has some exposure. But when it comes to the ethics behind this particular case, it's kind of stupid, in my opinion. Because it's your private space. Of course, there's a difference between what's your opinion and your feeling of what's justified and what's your goal, right? I am aware. So let's say the same thing happens. What? Yeah, obviously. Okay, so let's say the same situation, the curtains are open, someone is completely naked, but it's on the tent door of the skyscraper. It's probably different, right? And probably no one can see it, maybe people would worry about it. There's no public place right next to it, so that's probably just fine. Everything in criminal law depends on the specific situation and the context. But this is just to make you think about the conditions. Okay, so there's probably some case law regarding the instance. So that can help us understand what is and what is not shot. Okay, I think in the lecture, I might also mention the thin ice springs. How do we apply in this situation? So what does this principle mean? I think it was an exchange of election. So it means that if you're aware that your behaviour could be interpreted and it was sort of thin ice that it's on the limit of what could be legal or illegal, then they would likely rule against you in that case. So then in a case like that, it may be wise to not actually agree with me, because it may be too criminal, I believe. In some situations, if it's a great area, it may be better or not. OK. Any more questions so far? Let's go to question 4c. Explain what a citizen this might do, of course. What it do if she is not sure what behavior is allowed? Like, within ice principles, or maybe something is or is not allowed, we don't know for sure. You could say, I'm not going to do it. Then you're on the safe side. What else could she do? How do I know this is me? Well, check the legislation. Yes. So how would you do that? We go to the economic code of the facility. So what would be the first thing that you would do? If I asked you, is something allowed or not? Yeah, searching the community code. Yeah. Google writes my answers. Has Google stopped? In these days, you would probably ask AI to tell you that AI is one of the best defense lawyers, and you may be careful with that. So of course, you could just look up information yourself, right? And we weren't intelligent people. We can look up stuff. But I think you made a bad point. If something is complex, sometimes you want to be complex. If you want to be certain, you can also consult a lawyer, like an other legal issue. I can show a lawyer. Yeah. So the law must be accessible. And we can all find the law. And I think a lot of cases are used in large cases where you can find it online. So in that way, it is accessible. But sometimes, it could soon be played. But then, you can find a used law. So a law can only be regarded as a law unless it is formulated with sufficient precision to enable the citizens to regulate their conduct. They must be able to, if we agree with the cochlear device, to proceed to a degree that is reasonable in a certain sense as to consequences which may give up, and to which a given action may entail. So you don't have to be exactly precise, of course, but to be reasonably precise. So I think we can conclude that this provision is probably going to be reasonably foreseeable. What is the one that is not allowed using, for example, a nasal? Okay, so let's go to the fifth question. Okay, so maybe you have to say, of course, this is criminal law. So in a Twitter warning, sometimes we can discuss certain rights that maybe exist. So at any point if you don't feel comfortable with the provisions we are discussing or the situations or whatever, you are always free to just wait outside. So don't think you have to be there. Okay, so having said that, However, the threat of violence and against these real aches destroy into these values. Aches then charge with rape. And the provision reads as follows. Rape is the person who by an act of violence or by threat of violence impels a person who submits to acts comprising of sexual penetration of people. So this is actually changed now. So the rape provision changed in the other news. So the whole act of violence was let go. So more things now that we're going to show that we'll just use this petition. So the court rules that a French case constitute sexual penetration and therefore will fix the defendant of rape. So in order that it will say rape. Question, why might this interpretation violate the egalitarian principle? Do you feel that the court's position is in accordance with the legal principle? So first of all, let's ask a question. Who would say a forced French is on this mission, constitutes sexual penetration of the body, and therefore constitutes rape? Show hands. So no right or wrong houses here, it's just a few men. Who would say, I think it goes too far, to say that this act constitutes rape? Who says why I don't read or notice? It's too harsh. A person who by an act of violence or by threat of violence compels a person to submit to acts comprising of sexual penetration of the body. And the question is, is that forced? Sexual penetration of the body. The thing that is, can we compare to say well, can we pray? But if we say, well, that's not sexual penetration of the public, and if you don't know sexual penetration, then of course we're sexually arrested or some other offense, of course. Is there a question that's at hand? Well, in regards to peer interpretation, we can use the particular wording to say that In particular, for example, a French case, because you're invading the amount of the other person, it's still of a type of penetration. So it can be still classified as rape, probably. If you go that route of reasoning, otherwise it's just another type of sexual abuse. I think this really comes down to the formation of energy. Let's take that. The affliction of our mood to cases that are not governed anymore by the statute of wording, the mood of inclusion, and the mood of race, and the condition is indicated by the sense and purpose of expression. So this is, of course, the question here. Quite literally speaking, you could say someone who's their tone, and someone else's mouth, that's sexual penetration of the body. But, of course, some people think that it might be maybe a bit severe. So I think you can have arguments in both of these directions. That's true, of course. That's another aspect that has to be proven. But still, if you can also force someone to something that is not sexual, then there's nothing about it. So you cannot say because there was violence, or you can tell someone that makes... So it's interesting, this case actually happened in the Netherlands and Russia put in the doors of the police and the French case also to sexual penetration of the body. Therefore, even if this situation would lead to a violation of rape. And so I think some people may agree, some people may say, well, that's the basis here. But like I said, with criminal record, we'll stay trained. That would be the cause of that. So the court held that this interpretation, they don't know the name of the statute, saying that's why this one was used. Also, the court said this interpretation was important with the view of the legislature. The legislative history of this provision showed that sexual penetration should cover every kind of penetration. Thirdly, it was also in accordance with the sense and purpose of the section, because other forms of penetration were also supposed to be a serious infringement of the person's position. For a lot of different arguments, the reason for melody, or saying this was supposed to be an intersection. Interesting thing is, however, that a few years later, the Dutch should re-report actually reverse this position. We don't know exactly what the reasoning is, but this may be an argument maybe with fair labeling, which is, I think, a little few, also a few. This may be going a bit far to consider this to be pretty. So that is something that could have played a role. So it is still a force of serious offense. It's actually a soul, something like that. But it will not be, at least, according to Dutch law. This does not constitute a threat. It's an interesting point. We can see some different forms of interpretation. Okay, any questions so far? I can't wait I love you. But then we have something to drink. Okay. Which here? Okay. Yeah, true. Yeah, that's what I'm going to do. Wait, wait, wait! I would need to go, I think I can now go to the mall. I can go to the mall. You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? You want my table? Do you? I'm going to go get it. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. We might go to the left, we have to go to the front. She was like 90 to 30 years old. I was texting her as I was leaving, I was like... I know, I hate her. I texted her 8 times as I had met her. Guys, I have had my snap on vacation time. But she didn't mind that. We were angry, but she was crying because we left her in bed. Really? We don't bed all the time. Excuse me, I don't... I'm a late replyer, but I reply. I don't really like my late reply. It's all the time. I barely take any rates. I just said let's go karaoke at some point. How is that random? Is that random? No. Thank you. I hate you. I was really nervous. Are you gay? They have everything you need. Oh, really? It's so good. It's so good. I could not have that girl screen. How much do you want to buy? How much do you want to buy? How much do you want to buy? How much do you want to buy? How much do you want to buy? How much do you want to buy? How much do you want to buy? How much do you want to buy? Oh my god, it's okay, it's okay. That's what she's talking about. That's what she's talking about. That's what she's talking about. That's what she's talking about. That's what she's talking about. That's what she's talking about. That's what she's talking about. I'm going to put your shoes on. I'm not going to. Why would you put your shoes on? I'm not going to. Why would you put your shoes on? I'm going to put your shoes on. I'm going to put your shoes on. I'm going to put your shoes on. I'm going to put your shoes on. I'm going to put your shoes on. Oh! I will go to the church. Oh, here's the first. Is there something that's over here? I'll be right here. Yeah, like a train. I'm used to that. I don't know how to say it. They're so cute! Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I hope it is a freakin' fucker. That's my dad. That's my dog. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. That's my mom. We should take that. I don't think it is common. I don't think it's common brand. It's really common. Separate. Separate. I like her. Home fair. That's a good thing. They have a natural looking smell. Do you want it? I'm trying to do it. The intensity is still going to be the same with a dog. Every time you touch the hair, I'll get a hair that's on the bottom of my hair. That's a hair that keeps it so high. Wait, I just, I just He just hit me. Now it's going to be public in business. I mean, it is worth it. We saw him fall. Okay, let's go number four. Jesus. Oh my gosh, is it black or is it red? It's got three different colors. Is it black or is it pink? I think it's pink. Is it black or is it pink? I think it's black. Is it black or is it pink? No, it's black. We will continue the second part of this working group, justification of punishment. So first I will read a case, then we will discuss the outcome of the case, and this is of course related to justification of punishment, more specifically, what kind of punishment What's your favorite? Are you more of a retro beauty face or more of a utilitarianist? These are the toughest words you'll ever hear. So you could be either one of both, or you could be a combination, or a hybrid. But let's first look at the case. So imagine you are a member of the board of examiners. Three students have to appear before the board of examiners because they keep on the same online exam by communicating with each other during the exam. Each of these three students have the exact same role and effect. So these are the facts. I think a lot of times people think that this doesn't make sense, this is not realistic.
This is just like a theoretical discussion. It doesn't have to be completely realistic. Two of the three students have already been punched at a session of the board of examiners. These students have been excluded from taking exams at the university for the next two years. Additionally, their foes have been seized by the board. And four weeks later, the board has to make a decision with respect to the third student. Since there has been a lot of attention for the cases of the two previously centered students, you are of the opinion, so you are of this opinion, if you don't agree with that person. You are of the opinion that general deterrence does not require such as a clear punishment for the third student. The same goes for special deterrence. You are sure the student will never do it again. As for the amount of punishment deserved, you are with the opinion that the punishment of the two previously punished students is proportional to the offense of the student. So these are facts. A question for you, so now we can discuss. Should the third student in your opinion be punished, given the assumptions about useful and deserved punishment stated or not? If so, how severely should he punish? And why? So this question aims to find out whether we are attracted to that relativism, or maybe to both. So who would say punishment here is deserved? This is just your opinion. Anyone saying punishment here is not deserved? It still needs a punishment for the crime of shooting, but I find that between, for example, for that exam, maybe they're just getting a straight up zero, or maybe the term of detention for an exam might be a bit shorter because I'd like to use it too much. Okay, so I think you also don't agree with the sentence for the first two students. Yeah, in general. This is fair point. You may or may not agree with that. Let's just focus on the third student. So let's just assume that we think that the centres for the first two students must accomplish. Maybe it's a bit steep on the degree of course, but let's assume that those two students will accomplish what they deserve. The question is, should we still accomplish the third student? And if we read the case, we can say that general deterrence, special deterrence, is not served at all by publishing the third student, because we can assume no one in the whole university will ever do this again. And the specific student, number three, will never do this again. So this is really interesting. So guys, I think only retrobutivists are doing for policy. And once again, who would say? Well, then I'm not a huge fish because I think punishment is deserved. Raise your hands. That makes sense. Why is it deserved? That's what we established that they had the same role. So you say, what principle is there really? And why should the fear, well, will the punishment be deserved? What's new? And if we don't punish the third one, what's your problem with that? It's unfair. Yeah, I think you said unfair. I think it makes sense, right? Two people got punishment for this, they only do exactly the same thing, but then the third one is not going to be punished, everything with this. Okay. Maybe we can also look at, like, the top, because there is a certain punishment for that with a certain statue by the school. It should be applied anyway, regardless of the third one's situation. There's a certain special provision that should be applied. I think it also applies to the fair, right? Yeah. I think there's probably some possibility to be part of someone or to be more unique in the case. So I think this could be done. I think most of you would say this is unfair. Anyone saying this is completely fair? But the fairness is not a problem at all. The first two of you would probably say, oh, I think it's fair. The first two students would probably agree with you. So I think most of you, or maybe even both of you, think there seems to be at least some punishment because it's deserved. But the fairness pays a role here. Assuming the other two deserve punishment, the fair punishment also happens. Any different opinions or questions? There's no one saying no. We have to look only at the usefulness of the punishment. The punishment here is completely not useful. So why should we promise? I think the punishment wouldn't be useful for the third person, for the future and other people who... So I think you could, of course, have babies by default in the case. We assume that it will never happen again, but if you don't polish up, then it makes sense that people say, well, so you get away. Maybe this isn't difficult to avoid in the case, but it's just to make you think about the situation. Any questions? Comments? And then we go to the last question. I hope you have all read the case. It's quite a case. A lot of facts, a lot of different details regarding the victim and the defendant. The robbery at the cash dispenser, imagine you are the judge in this particular case. Question seven, imagine you are only allowed to impose a non-suspended prison sentence in this case. How severely would you post a defendant in court? And I think the maximum penalty here is nine years. Yeah, nine years, so 108 hours. And the smallest unit of sentencing would be one week. So now you want to think for yourself, what do you think is a reasonable knowledge of punishment? In no suspended present sentence. And you are allowed to impose no punishment penalty. So you can also say, no punishment penalty. Just like in the case of the no punishment senators, you have to expression to say, I think there should be no punishment. At least no prison sentence. Okay, so let's do it as follows. I will give this to the day. Everyone takes one, write down the number of years once you think it's reasonable. Do this for yourself, and then I will make a nice timeline on the... And then we can see all kinds of sentences. So do this for yourself. No write or no answers. Does everyone have a nice um... sentence? If you have, you can put it on the floor. Just walk over there. It's tricky. It's tricky to put it precisely in the right position. It doesn't really matter. Just put it as best as you can. I think that's probably enough. So I just got a question, that's a good question. Of course, in reality the judge can impose a lot of different sentences at the same time. I think a lot of three, two years, two years, a lot of two, one and a half years. The lowest is one year plus payment, but if you do it at payment, yes. One year, so you start at one year, two, say, five years, and one person says, my maximum benefit. I don't think that's really likely, but of course, the question was, who are your judges now? So of course, you're free to involve nine years, five years, whatever. But it's really interesting to see that most people are in the same mobile, right? Two, three years is really important. Okay, so who came up with one year? So you could say it's relatively lenient? Yes. Could you explain? Okay. Yeah, he doesn't really do any physical, like violence, exert violence. It's like the front to the front. Oh yeah, oh yeah, that's right, that's right. So would that be something that would change your life? Maybe, maybe it would. But of course, this is relevant if there was no violence, just rid of violence that would probably mean that your senses would be a bit lower. So, I think many people say two to three years. Is this because of the violence? They also take it to account for more. So, who also took this into account for more records? Makes sense of course, the people. So who came up with nine years, if you want to say it first? That's pretty steep, could you explain? Yeah, because he committed crimes before then, he had the contingency to not behave well. So, thank you. It sounds like a sort of reasoning along the lines of what he had his chance to do. Like for the incapacitation and for the contribution, like he will continue to create crimes. So I think he should get a sense that we have to continue. So I think we get a sense of this. Like for nine years at least we will know what he does. Like this person, I mean that could be like a reason. At least for nine years, this can not happen again. Yeah. Basically. Well, outside. So who came up with five years? So it's maybe somewhere in the middle. Yes? Yes, so I just considered his violent past. I'm kind of reconsidering it. I kind of skipped over the fact that he did his kind of starting active prediction. I would amend my uncertainty to that. But yeah, I just looked at his previous kernel record and given that he gave emotional and physical. So like I said, this was not really listed because usually you could have a lot of different sanctions, you could provide them, you could say something like this, something like that. You could also impose like a suspended prison sentence. Does anyone know what this means? So un-suspended means 90 years, un-suspended prison means you're going to prison for 90 years. What would 90 years suspended prison mean? It's like, if it doesn't come and have a crayon in those young members, then they're not going to work. time it means you will not have to go to prison, but the moment you commit some other act, you will be punished for that act. And the year will, you will have to serve the suspended year, and so it's like a, yeah, right there, to persuade someone to stay out of trouble, because then you will go catch up with them. So you will also say, well, two years, or at least one year suspended, so you have to go to prison for one year, and if you do something else, you will also have to serve the second year. So now the final question, 7b I think. What sanctions or what sanctions would you sentence the defendant to given the possible sanctions specified below? Assume that every combination is possible and that there is no minimum. Specify the duration of the amount of the most punishment listed below. Specify which of the goals of punishment? So, for example, in the digital deterrence, general deterrence, we will have a patient in the presentation, reserved for preparation, justified a particular sanction according to you. Now you can choose from a lot of stuff, like a prison sentence, suspended prison sentence that we just discussed. We'll find a euro up to 100,000 euros. We're going to be servicing hours for compensation to the victim. So now we have a little function. So we will change their function to 78. So now we want to have preparations for the data. I think it makes sense, right, to write it all in a way. Hey, why would you choose to do the service, what would be the purpose of that? Instead of the next regular person? Someone else, yes. So do you think this is useful? I think for you, is the community served more of the punishment or more of the useful? Is it like, is it just deserved? Or is it useful as well? And you're also looking at the future, because I'm hoping that this will make me stay out of trouble in the future. Any other sentences or sensations that you cannot read? No, I think that the figures should be compensated for this glass probe or something, and for the material damages that we are trying to find. So did you lower your jail time? No, I said one hour to two years, and I made it one hour to two years back in three months. Did you get a little bit off? I think we've seen all the sanctions. Any other interesting combinations or packages? Any other questions regarding two topics? And I wish you the best of luck with Part B. I'll take it so the working rooms at least are on Thursday and Friday. I'm going to now see you next week. And I will find some stuff to do. Thank you very much. See you next week. but on