We can hear you really bad in the back. All right, yeah, I talked to the technical people and they said this is perfect. I framed them and they told me to hear it. I can try to turn it up a little bit, but it might go... How about this? So this is better. All right. They told me... But actually, I think a lot of people showed up, so that's nice. I turned it down a little bit, so hopefully it's all right now. We don't get the beeping sound. Is it all right now? In the back? And how about the front? All right. Let's get started. My name is Owen Knight. I will leave your lecture at point A for the first five lectures. And then to a high level, he's going to teach you lecture number six about participation. And today I'm going to be talking about two topics, settling out the principle and justification of punishment. But before we start, I'm just going to give you a brief introduction of the course. So first of all, the course is played in two parts, Y-A-R-G, and really there is no connection between those two parts. But basically, you're going to be living in separate worlds for the next six weeks. And there's also not going to be a question of the exam where we're trying to tie the two parts together. So you have part A, part B. But there is one exam. And it's not like it's split in half. It's the only half. The half is the time for the one part. And the other half is the time for the other part. It is one exam. But half of the points will be dedicated to this part of the course. And half of the points will get created to the other parts of the course. The topics in this course are just going to be general, it's an introduction of course, general concepts of criminal law that require every legal system in the world, intention, and then play on negligence, justification, self defense. And like today, of course, we're going to be discussing punishment, so it's going to be general topics that we're going to be discussing. And in, I would say, two months after the Christmas break, there will be an exam. And as you can see here, first of all, it's going to be a closed book exam, which means I see some of you already have the book that's nice. It's a new book. I think it's one week old, so it's nice. I don't have it for this course. But you will have to study the book. Also because about 40% of the questions are going to be directly about the book or about the lecture with questions about facts, like the definition of relational intent, or what is the difference between this concept and that concept. So it is worth studying the book. We, our part of the course, we've got to get about 20% of our questions on the exam, those kind of questions. So let's say three questions about definitions. And the most important part of this course are questions about hypotheticals. We have some kind of story, ADHD, murders him for this and this reason. And then the question is, can we apply intention? Or is there justification like self-defense? And this is actually what we're going to be doing in the working group for the next six weeks. I'm not saying the next year is of importance, but what I'm going to say is definitely the working groups are very important. Because in the working groups, basically every week you're practicing for the exam. Of course, you're not going to get exactly the same questions, but it's also not going to be much different. So what you learn in the working group, the way your teacher explains you how to take those steps, that's basically all practice for the exam. What I'm going to be doing in this lecture is making sure that you're only first year students, that the book which often is quite difficult because it discusses three different legal systems, I'm trying to get a little bit more structure into the course. So oftentimes I will give you a structure which you can use for the exam and of course for solving the questions in the working group. There's one, I would say, tiny problem in this course, and that is that some of you, most of you maybe, have working groups today, and some of you, I think, even three groups have a working group straight after this lecture. That is sometimes a little bit of a pity because, of course, you can and you should read the book before preparing the working group question. But sometimes I explain stuff in this lecture which is really helpful for the working group. I'm going to be, at least today, publishing the PowerPoint slides at 10.45, so of course you want access to the slides straight after the lecture. But it doesn't really help you if you prepare your questions and you have a working group at 11 o'clock. Today is not really a problem, I think, but especially in week four, it is easier if you have access to the lectures on that week. Definitely, I will publish the lecture notes before the working group. Yeah, there's basically nothing we can do about it. Don't feel bad about this in the working group. teachers are going to be there to, if you make a mistake, criticize you. We have hopefully a friendly and open environment in the working group. We're just trying to answer the question and we're trying to explain to you how we want you to solve those questions. So all we ask you to do is to seriously add those questions, to take part in the working group, if you don't, because it's not mandatory, go to the working group. It's also not made in Georgia to go to the lectures. But if you don't, we want you to seriously look at those questions. And of course, you will learn how to do it even better after working with you. I think that's all I'm going to say. So about what will be posted after this lecture. And maybe one more point. Maybe you knew about this. But no bonus point for this. And it's for us to use that bonus point. But then they changed the system so you could only get a bonus point if you had a passing rate in the first place. And we saw that almost no one elected to take part into the bonus point system again. So we decided to skip the bonus point system and get it. That means you actually have to pass the exam with, in our case, 22 points out of the 40 points of the exam. All right. Let's get started. I explain to you today, we're going to have two topics on this next channel. The first one, you could say it's the most important principle of criminal law. But if you practice, you know, if you're practicing criminal lawyer, you're not dealing all that much with the leg-out principle. So what I'm going to be explaining, especially today, is and a few sub-principles which are part of the larger principle of Legality Principle. The absolute definition of the Legality Principle one is the German constitution. That's exactly the same as after one of the criminal courts. And the other one is European Convention on the Union Right, which you will feel a lot of in part via the tourist. But I think this is going to be the only definition I'm going to show you in this one, of course. The German one is way more concise, but actually, on the same principles, are almost the same. And let me just start, and let me just read the German definition. An act can only be punished if its criminality had been immediately determined before the act was committed. Again, there's a lot of emphasis that you should first have criminal provision and only then is it allowed to impose criminal sanction. Let me start by explaining why we have something like legality principles. And I would say there's two reasons. The first one is foreseeability. And I'd also say fairness. It's only fair to punish a person for criminal offense if he or she could have known before that it was a criminal offense. But it's actually not fair if you do something, let's say you have a certain kind of weapon, the police catch your weapon, and they say you're going to be punished, and it's actually not in the criminal hall, because it's not fair if the punishment person, if he or she could not know that the behavior could be punished. And actually, the assumption is also, most of you are from foreign countries. You're here in the Netherlands for the first year. The assumption is also that at least you have the ability to take notice of our laws and to adjust your behavior. Although in practice, of course, it is fairly impossible to know all of the criminal law nowadays. And I would say, Probably most of you didn't spend much time studying the best legal system before you went to the Netherlands. But the theoretical assumption is it's not fair to punch the person if he or she could not know it was a punishable case. The second justification of the legality principle is tied to the reason why The criminal law oftentimes is there. The criminal law wants to influence behavior. The criminal law wants you to behave in certain ways. Let's give an example. Drinking and driving generally is not thought to be a good combination. It's pretty dangerous. By making permission for drinking and driving, you can actually change the behavior of people. and they can be enticed people not to be deprived because they know there could be a punishment. So having a criminal punishment is another smart question, I think. So having a criminal punishment helps you in influencing the behavior of people. So those are the two reasons of legal detention. Now let me start with another question. It's a big room, so generally I'm not going to really ask for your answer, but of course you invited, even at 9 o'clock this morning, to think about these questions and maybe say it out loud in your mind. So here we have a question about a relatively new kind of behavior. Maybe some of you have done something like this, hopefully you haven't done so, but it's a term. I think I didn't know about this term like two years ago. but it could also be probably explained by my age. But basically, doxing is a behavior where if you don't like a person, could be your teacher, could be a police officer, you're going to publish this person's name, address, and maybe some information about this person on the internet. And oftentimes people feel this is like innocent behavior. They just do it, they're sitting there in their room and they're just driving some stuff and they're tuxing their teacher or police officer or politician nowadays. And it used to be not a criminal offense. And that's what we see in this question. So can anyone is for publishing the teacher's home address? I guess after reading the definition of the German, By constitution and criminal drugs, we know the answer. This is actually the most important part for the galaxy principle. The answer is no. Unless, of course, there's no other crime involved. So you cannot be convicted, of course, for the dark sea, of just publishing a name. If you publish your teacher's name, and you also say something maybe should be executed or whatever. Of course, there is a criminal offense in its own rights that's spreading a person with a lethal offense, so that could always be punished. But just publishing a person's name, it used to be a criminal offense. So the answer is, all those people, even though I think everybody in this room feels it's completely morally wrong, maybe even foreseeable that it could be a criminal offense, it is not allowed to impose punishment. And I think it actually changes in the Netherlands, and I would say in many, many, many countries in the world, and starting January 1st last year, doxing is a criminal offense in the Netherlands. So now, if you punish a person's name and address on the internet, you can be punished for his behavior. And this, the prohibition of rhetoric and effect, this, I would say, is the most important sub-principle and legato-principle. You cannot punish a person if the behaviour was not in a criminal offense. And if you look at the first bullet point, obviously this applies for a completely new offense such as toxic, but it also applies for increasing the amount of punishment. So the amount of punishment that is also part of the Senate criminal law, of if the legislature decides, well, maybe you're saying it should not be one year, it should be ten years, you can only impose a higher sentence and start it from the moment when new amount of punishment was specified in the provisions. So these are, I would say, two parts of this prohibition of that right to respect. And here, of course, it's very easy to see or explain this using the two rational specifications without the principle. It's not fair to punish a person. If he doesn't know, he can't punish for it. And secondly, it is difficult for the government or the legislature to influence behavior if it's not in the criminal case. And basically the hope of the government is by introducing punishment for doxing, this behavior will actually decrease people voting twice before counting their teachers or politicians. Let's go to another question. So this is a story of basically a person has been abused by a violent husband for years. And this is actually going to be something like this. This is going to be a question in a working group in a few weeks. Long story short, in the end, she kills her husband. And if you look at this story, basically it was sleeping, and she could have left the house. So the traditional justification of self-defense doesn't apply in this situation. So normally, If you just have a traditional criminal law, this person probably would be punished. But there's a lot of research, of course, that years of abuse can have very serious psychological impact. And some American states have actually introduced something like better wife, or maybe nowadays you should say a better spouse syndrome excuse, Which means it's like a new excuse. We didn't have it 100 years ago. But it's basically an excuse which is saying you don't deserve to be punished if because of your mental situation and your abuse. Basically you didn't see any other way than in this case killing your husband. So this is new, and this was just created after his act. So the question now is, if the judge has to deal with this case, can it just straight away apply this new issue? Think about it. Are your actions on this? There's also? Perfect. Yeah. It's in favor. Yeah, actually, so you're right. And this is, of course, it helps to read the book appropriately. And this answer was in the book. And this isn't accessible to the main rule, which is there is no medical effect in a criminal law. Because this new law was actually in favor of the defense. So what you have to realize is that the legality principle is there for the protection of citizens. And this is actually a favor of the defendant. This is a new law. This is a favor of the defendant. And so there's actually no reason not to apply this new rule straight away. And I'm going to give you three examples where this exception, the next media clause, can be used. First one is cancellation or restriction of criminal provision. So if the legislator decides, well, this offense is outdated, you shouldn't have it anymore, then get rid of it. Straight away, even if the behavior happened a year before, the defense was canceled. Straight away, the court can apply this, which means basically assuming there's no offense anymore. So the person should know the importance for this. A few minutes ago I gave the example where the legislator decided to refuse the amount of punishment. He cannot apply it spread away. But here, actually, this example, the second bullet point, is about the mitigation of the amount of punishment. Then the legislator decides, you know, for murder, maybe this amount is too much. That's decreased the amount of punishment. I think it never happens. that the legislature actually decreased the amount of punishment, but maybe it will in the future. Even straight away, that's going to be the new maximum punishment for this drug. The last example is, of course, the example that was present in the previous slide. New grounds of justification of excuse is better syndrome, is better spousal syndrome excuse, is a new excuse, and therefore, it can be applied in a way. I want to explain to you that probably most of you, when you went to the Netherlands, We didn't make a big study of the Dutch criminal law system. What can I do in this country and what am I allowed to do? Probably the reason might be it's almost impossible. I think it's probably going to be more groups than fit in this room. Especially if you take all the environmental law and all special law together. It's going to be a huge amount of law. So generally, of course, not relevant for your behavior. Let's say there's a fictional country where they say, now we've seen this, it's a lot of work, we have to employ a lot of lawyers to create all those complicated laws. Let's try to get all of the hangers in one terminal fence. And this is going to be it. Who to ever behaves. And the reason we're here, in a matter of places, and they don't propose me this, shall be liable to a punishment of the public. And let me now answer the question. Let's say this is the behavior that happens. You can all imagine this happening maybe right now in this room. I think no one would really like this kind of behavior. So would you say it's unreasonable? And would you say this person can be punished for that behavior even according to the layout principle? So basically two questions here. Is it unreasonable if so in a person doing this? I hear, I almost don't have to give this lecture because I hear the perfect answer once again during the front. No, you cannot be punished for this offense. I would say probably this, you didn't really say, probably it isn't reasonable for partying less. And maybe, technically, it would be covered by this profession. And now the problem is, this is way too vague. If you just say it non-reasonably, you know, it can pretty much cover everything. And this is a second, so I'm just going to give you this example to make you aware of a second sub-principle, part of the other principle, which is criminal statutes have to be sufficiently precise. clear, absurd, and you're saying this is too fake, and that's actually the title of this slide. And if you just have a liberal vision, this is unreasonable. You don't give any guidance whatsoever to citizens. And once again, this is true justification for Legati principle. It's not fair to have such a provision because basically you don't know what you're allowed to do in class. You just say, please, behave reasonably. It doesn't give you any guidance whatsoever. And secondly, it's also, you know, if your goal was to prevent this kind of behavior in class, it better to just say so. And it's very difficult to implement behavior if you don't give the citizens any guidance at all. So the law should be clear and it's an example which I found somewhere on the internet was like I think was a sign posted next to a gas station. I really don't know what it's supposed to mean. It seems like don't read gasoline or I really don't know what it means but this is not I would say an example of a very precise law. But that's the second rule that is embedded. It will look out. Let me just give you... I said I wasn't going to volume too much with case law of the European Convention on Human Rights. This is more the area of party. But this is actually from a famous case of the European Court, Sunday Times, where the European Court acknowledged That's, sure, because the law has to be precise, but it's really, really, really difficult to do this in practice. It is almost impossible, if you look at the legal definition, to make sure that there's always some fairness involved. And if you try to be too precise, there's always going to be some transparency. Let me give you an example. like a very old war in the Netherlands, I think it was like 1800, where they tried to give a very precise definition of homicide. And they also tried to describe how you're not allowed to kill a person. So, you know, I don't know the exact definition of this law anymore, but let's say it was something like you're not allowed to kill a person by means of a knife, a gun, etc. And it seems nice, because it's very clear from the Simpsons, oh, I'm not allowed to kill a person with a knife, I'm not allowed to kill a person with a gun. But what if a new tool is invented, could be like a chainsaw, something else, but it's also quite useful, might be quite useful in killing a person, and a person is being killed with a chainsaw. If you have such a precise definition, where it specifies all the means in which you're not allowed to cure a person, you're actually implying that everything else is okay. And that means the legislator has to find some middle way between being too fake, like don't be unreasonable, that's too fake, and being too precise. And if you look at, I would say, most definitions of intelligent homicides, all of the world, they now start with the results. So the definition would read something like, whosoever intentionally kills a person or killing a person or not. And I would say that's quite clear. So it doesn't matter if you do it with a knife, with poison, a chainsaw, as long as you're killing, it is criminal. Next question. So this is about a sex worker. soliciting from the balcony above the street. So this person is, let's say, two-story high. And let's assume that the provision reads, soliciting in a street for the purpose of prostitution is not an offense. The other question is, you don't have to answer this question, but you can see that it might give rise to debate. Here the question is, could you actually punish this person? Because you can already imagine that if this person really faces charges in criminal court, the lawyer would say, well, technically, this law only applies to soliciting in a street. And it's above the street that this person should not be punished. So you don't have to answer the question. You can think about, well, should this give rise to criminal liability? And this is actually, these are actually questions judges and courts face, are faced with every day. Not exactly this way, but law is always a matter of interpretation. And I think probably your parents would think if you go to law school, all you do is memorize books for law. But actually, in practice, You will get the laws on the exam. In those courses you will actually get the book. Here you will get the definition of a crime on the exam. And it's more about the application and the interpretation of the law. So is this a criminal offense? Let me first of all say why it might not be a criminal offense. And this is what is called the prohibition of analogy. So basically, the reality principle prohibits the use of anatomy. And you might, I'm not saying it is, you might say in this case, this is anatomy. It's just, you might say, you know, soliciting from above the street isn't really an industry, but it's very much like it. Therefore, it should be criminal offense. And analogy is not allowed. What interpretation is allowed. So we're always faced with the question, is what we're doing legitimate interpretation, or is it which is allowed to lay out the principle, or is it actually the case of analogy which is not allowed? I'm just going to do this very quickly. I'm sure you have this in a previous course, and here I just want to explain a few ways to interpret criminal provision. The first one is, and I would say in criminal law, this is definitely, you go through the government's course, the government's course only in criminal law, only, but it's most important to this point in the law. The plain meaning of the statute is the most important school for the lawyer. So it's just about laying it. And studying law is about language. If you're going to be a good lawyer, you should be good in language. Language is your, I would say, your tool. And you should start with trying to interpret the language of the law. But let me pose you one question, which is not really relevant to this particular question. What language should be Jewish at the starting point? Like the Dutch criminal code was introduced in 1886 and pretty much reads the same as it is now. Should we use the interpretation, which for many years at that time, or should we use a more modern meaning, like how the average person nowadays interprets the law? Well, I'm not going to give you the answer, but these are some questions judges will face. Second bullet point. legislative history. I know for a fact that a Dutch role, the Dutch Supreme Court, often uses legislative history. It's pages and pages of discussions in Parliament and notes by the Minister of Justice saying, well, we have this new law, this is how it should be interpreted, and the mom of the member of Parliament asks, yeah, but how about this and this behaviour, should it also be included? They try to... You know, you take the question and say something like a judge chair, in the end, it should be up to the judge to do this. But oftentimes, this is being consulted. There is, I would say, something of a problem with that, because can we really expect normal citizens to do more than just look at the law? Should they also consult fundamental history? What exactly is or isn't sculptifiable? Third one, system of criminal law. Let me just give you an example. Let's say in this particular example, there was also another criminal provision where it specifically prohibited soliciting of all the streets. While you have such another provision, you would know if definitely this behavior was not covered by the definition of soliciting in a street. But if it's not there, there will be an argument for broader interpretation of this profession. In the final method of interpretation, the sense and purpose of the statute, basically the judge would ask, why do we have to go in the first place? What is the purpose of this law against solicitation? And then he would say, it's because of taseousness. You know, if a person is soliciting in the street, you know, all kinds of traffic would slow down, people would look at the person, this is very dangerous for traffic. If this is the reason why the law is there, or one of the reasons why the law is there, you could say what is also applied, maybe even more so, if a person is soliciting from above the street, because then people are looking. into the sky while driving, which I would say is more dangerous. So using a sense of purpose and a reason why a criminal law was created oftentimes leads to a broad interpretation of the law. Finally, let me give you two conflicting principles mentioned below in this slide. The first one, I would say it's quite prevalent in the United States of America. is the lenity principle, which basically says, if a law is invigorous, it is not clear how you should interpret a law, interpret it in favor of the defendant. So in this situation, you would definitely say, well, it's not entirely clear that industries would offer government behavior above the streets. Therefore, it is interpreted in favor of the defendant, that the defendant should not be fined. The consequence is, This defendant is not going to be punished, but maybe it's a signal to the legislator to create a new law, but it also would prohibit this kind of behavior. Because I'm sure they also would want this kind of behavior to be prohibited. But that's an energy principle. It's very much in favor of the defendant. If you look to the right, It's a thin ice principle, but it's quite, I would say, fitting in an eminence where we do, at least when it was still freezing in the winter, do a lot of ice cascading in a thin ice principle. A thin ice principle basically means that if, as a citizen, you take a risk, like, you know, maybe, technically, this is allowed, if I look at the definition, you take this risk at your own peril. So basically, citizens should take into account that a law might be interpreted a little bit broader than it would seem at first glance. And if you take a thin ice principle as a guiding point, yeah, it would, I would say, definitely in this case, it would lead to information where this behavior would be punishable. From near the end of the presentation, without the principle, they go to a few more slides. The last principle, I would say the multi-point principle, is the prohibition of customary laws. And it's also called the next script that courts should base in the liability only of hidden statutes as opposed to customary. Again, this means, and this is especially, you can see, or I would say, all the applicable in civil law systems. pretty much all European countries, except, of course, in England and Wales, where common law still applies. So it should be, it should be in a funeral, God. And this, you know, just gave you this example because it's funny. Sometimes it's not in words. You have this, I would say, really interesting law in the Netherlands, but it tries to ban a certain type of dog, pit bull. But the way, you know, the way this usually goes is they try to prohibit a certain kind of dog, and then they mix the dog, and it's just a little bit different, and then it's, you know, then technically it is allowed. So they try to prevent this by unusual means to say, well, it looks like this, it is a criminal case. There are other examples where sometimes pictures are in criminal law forced into traffic code. Like you all know, if you go outside, sometimes you have a stop sign, sometimes you have a sign telling you how fast you are allowed to drive, but sometimes that is actually part of the legal code. All right, my presentation seems to be stuck. Maybe I should press and press 15 times. Those will get your steak. I think I have to be patient for like 20 seconds. See if it works. If it doesn't work, I'm going to take a break. Here it goes. No. Should I use filers to show this problem? Or should I remake it all? I'm telling you my story. There is, as you may or may not know, almost didn't happen to live in the Netherlands for too many years. So you don't know how the bicycle situation has changed over the last 10 years. Well, first, we had the electric bikes. And now, since like could be as well as jet bikes, it leads to a lot of promotion in politics. I guess you all then, maybe some of you have a pet bite, and they should all be there and they should be out of line. But actually, it turned out to be very difficult to actually prohibit this kind of behavior, to prohibit the pet bite, because in effective form, you say, you know, if the pet bite is going to be out loud, you know, to make a skinny bite, which actually has the same characteristics as the pet bite. And in the end, they actually decided, you know, it wasn't worth the trouble. They could really not find a good way only to target the fedbikes and probably the behavior that went along some of the uses of fedbikes. Because then they had to target everybody, including like the normal e-bikes and people generally behaving in a decent way. But it just shows you that this legality principle is sometimes, yeah, basically the same in the past. Because it makes it difficult to prohibit the behavior you want to prohibit. And in the end, they decided, I think, not to go through with this as by legislation. Of course, we're getting, probably in a few years, new governments. And they may find a way to, once again, target it. Because I think it is still, Oftentimes, these bikes are not of the best quality, but they might be quite dangerous. I'm sure they go through something in the next few years to regulate the bike. Alright, I think it's time for a break, so I'll start again.
I think it's very important. I would say criminal to criminal law. If you know the term criminal law, you just drop that. If you translate it, liberty means punishment law. So drop that. Criminal law is all about punishment. It's like insanity. Can you kill a person in self defense? Are you a morally right to punish a person in those cases? So the theory of punishment, of why we punish a person, is very important. Sometimes, I would say, it's an act of the criminal law. But it's actually, if a person faces criminal charges in court, we have to defend them. This is usually the most important question. You give that to my colleague, you get it. And that's why it's important to think about the justification of punishment. Why do we actually impose a punishment? Because a punishment is, I would say, quite extreme, like emotional. Maybe many criminal officers in the world, but people are still being or are being executed or can be executed if they commit a crime. So why can we justify this kind of question? So what I'm going to be doing is basically discuss two theories of punishment. But let me start with the definition of punishment. So what is punishment? Well, first of all, it's assumed to be unpleasant for a recipient. So punishment, sometimes when you read the truth, you have the impression of going to jail, and then there's actually never more than the point. You get your own room, food is being provided to you, there's a library, you know, the door, and actually the conditions in many systems in the world are way worse. So they question, is it really punishment to the members if you're going to go to jail? What I mean to jail, professional being not as a criminal, but just watching it from the outside, The fact that you're not allowed to go anywhere in itself, you don't even have to do much worse than that. It's very restricted, and I think all of you, most of you have lived in Corona, where again, some companies do a lot of stuff, and yeah, we have to do work from home, we have to teach them from home, and this is so amazing to me, so also a little bit like, already quite restricted, so actually going to jail. I would say it's definitely a serious punishment and that's why it definitely is published by the definition of the first characteristic of this definition. The second characteristic of punishment is that it's intentional. But this is already quite difficult. In two weeks, we will see that in most criminal law systems, intention is indeterminate quite extensively. And even for seeing a risk that something might happen and accepting the risk for this conditional intent, in most legal systems in Netherlands, Germany, et cetera, it's sufficient to look intensely criminal. But here, I would say intention these interpreters quite predictably, like what is the goal of putting a person in jail for five years? And if the goal is to hurt a person, then that's it is punishment. But the tricky question is that in all criminal law systems, you can also put a person in jail if they commit a crime. And I'm not responsible for this because they're insane, nearly insane. Since they are not small, those people cannot be punished. So we don't call it punishment. But actually, if a person who is mentally insane, truly insane, commits a horrible crime, we don't say, well, you know, more responsible, good luck. You can go back home. Generally, the OHA sentence to go to a mental institution, for instance. But technically, it's not called punishment. It's called the measure. But actually, most people prefer to be punished rather than to have a measure close to them. Because a measure can be prolonged. It can be coordinated prepared with time, whereas a punishment has a certain end state. So the question... I just want to pose here, can you so easily in your definition, by using the term eventually, determine this is a punishment and this is just a mission? So it's a response to breaking of the law that might make sense that sometimes people say, when they have to pay taxes, God needs punishment for my hard work. Why do we have to pay taxes? Actually, it might feel this way, but it's not punishment. The punishment is you're punished because you violated the criminal law. This is also a tricky part of the definition, but it's not really a definition of punishment. It's just not a bunch of characteristics that generally abide in the concept of punishment. The person has broken the law voluntarily, and generally this is true, at least most seriously. drive if you see has the intention to kill. But there's also quite serious offenses that only assume negative. Like you're driving over after this lecture, maybe that you haven't checked your text messages for two hours, you check your text messages, and you bomb into a person, killing a person. You didn't have the intention to kill that person. But most definitely, you could be convicted for an accident homicide. But you couldn't really say that you voluntarily broke the law. You could have prevented it from happening, sure. You're voluntarily not overly sure about it. And there's quite a few legal systems in the world where they have some sort of straight liability offenses. If you displace your kind of behavior, You will be convicted even if you didn't have any injury or muscle-up. And in many legal systems, this is the case with so-called statutory rape cases. So statutory rape basically means where like normal rape is when another person did not have, did not consent to sexual intercourse. Statutory rape, what implies basically sexual intercourse. But the person is too young, like one person is below the age of 16, only 15 years old. Generally, in both ecosystems, there is no defense whatsoever possible, but a strict liability. Even if the person didn't know about this, and couldn't have known about this, still the person will be fine. Of course, the question is, is this fair? But I'm just trying to say, trying to say... This characteristic is not necessarily always true. Last characteristic I will discuss with you is an example. A few years ago, I talked to a parole officer, and he told me that oftentimes happens in the winter when it's cold. Not already now, but I think it's starting to get a little bit more cold. That's vagrants, people living on the street, They didn't sleep with their friend by breaking a window. Why? Because they want to be arrested. They want to spend a few days in jail. Because it's too cold outside. So basically, they want to be punished. And the question is, if you want to be punished, is it still punishment? And here's the answer to the question. Yes. But it's not determined by reference to the person. These punters, if you happen to like things, or if you happen to like being not documentized in spaces, you know, it doesn't mean it's not punishment. It's the intention of, in this case, the state posing a measure, posing a punishment, determine whether or not it's punishment. All right. So what I'm going to do, I explained this earlier, is going to be talking about two theories of one theme. Retributivism and Infantarianism. And those two theories, and this is why life is disgusting, they could not be further apart. They're completely opposite in every way and manner. And here I'm just going to mention four different characteristics. And the first one I would say is the essence of the theory. First of all, it was distributism. Why do you punish a person according to distributism? You punish a person because he deserves to be punished. And that's the only reason. The only reason that in judge and court you have to answer this question. Does this person deserve to be punished? And if so, for how much punishment? as a dozen persons here. Differentarianism, I guess it's already the name, is about creating as much utility or happiness in society as is possible. But this is a theory that strives to the greatest amount of effort for the greatest amount of people introduced by that famous British, English, legal scholar Jeremy Bentham. He was sent free to them. And here, the punishment is only to create a happier society. Why do we punish in order to create a happier society? Why does society actually have to, when we punish, it's because hopefully it's going to be just crime, you and the person in jail cannot commit any more crimes, and maybe the other people are going to be scared that they're not going to create a crime. The punishment has to be useful. That's the only one. Second important point, return to prison is, you know, logical, difficult philosophical word, basically means, basically means about doing the right thing. Like, maybe apply it to yourself about mining, some wine, shoot you in a line, basically two reasons not to do so, maybe not so many reasons to actually do so, but two reasons not to do so are, prison boss is wrong to life. And that's a real logical reason. You should not lie, you should not ever lie because it's wrong. But if it's a consequentialistic reason, and that's equal to terrorism, the reasoning would go something, well, you shouldn't lie, because in the end, it won't be that for you. Because in the end, it will be found out, and then there will be consequences. So that only depends on whether it's wrong or right to do so. It's basically telling you, you know, this is not good for yourself. And this is the same with utilitarianism if the good or the bad of any situation is only just based upon the consequences. Therefore, the point. The truth is, obviously, he invites you to look at facts. If we punish a person because he or she deserves to be punished, we have to look into the culpability, the blingworthiness of the defendant. Why did he do it? Did he do it intentionally? Was there something I could excuse? Is this person insane? In this person, I can self-defense all reasons and influence how much punishment the person deserves. If the terrorism is less needed to the past, basically all we want to do is reach amount of punishment is best in order to guarantee maximum and happiness in society. So you're looking at the future, you're trying to predict, you know, is one year of punishment better or is two years of punishment better? One would have the most final difference, according to the term efficient. That punishment is actually a good thing, which you don't have to, yeah, maybe keep in mind that this kind of stuff is being generally talk about my famous German philosophers like Thomas and Hegel that, you know, thought in very abstract ways like punishment is a good thing because if a person commits a horrible deed, he should be punished. It's a good thing to do so. They very strongly believe in that. In ugly Darianism, which is about creating as much happiness in the world as is possible, punishment is actually a bad thing. Because if you punish a person for one year in jail, that person is going to be unhappy. So actually, by punishing a person, you're already decreasing the amount of happiness in the world. So the only justification for indeed imposing a punishment is if there's any other consequences that outweigh this misery of the person being punished. Only this risk is not going to make any crimes until other people are going to be deterred to commit any crimes, so in the end society is happier if we impose punishment. So two completely different rationales. But in the end, oftentimes, whether you're releasing one way or you're releasing the other way, it kind of often or sometimes could lead to the same result. But not always. And this is why in a working group we devised two questions, the last two questions. especially I think in question 6, where the two theories might be two different results. And it's interesting to think about this, and also to see what is your intuition. Yes, I can kind of predict your intuition. You all went to study law for all kinds of lovely reasons, and this usually predicts results quite well. But I'm interested even though I'm not teaching the working groups this year, but I'm interested to see what she'd come up with with the question. Question six, but also on question seven, about a case, which is actually a case where there's information in the case that can trigger the iterations with respect to both theories of criminal court. All right, let's start with the definition of positive and negative determinants. Let me start with the definition of quantitative criticism, which is the guilty must be punished to the extent of their deserters. Deserters means how much punishment we deserve. It is to be distinguished from Having a dessert after your dinner, it means how much punishment do you deserve? The building must be modest to the extent of their seizures. Let me give you a complete example. I see many people having a laptop here. Let's say you take a break, you go away, leave your laptop here, and other students inside to take it away. Your laptop has been stolen. Wait since you've ruined all of that. Of course, it's really difficult to determine how much punishment do you deserve for stealing a laptop. I think you're going for many different countries, also may have many different definitions or feelings about this or intuitions. But let's just say for argument's sake, just to give a round number, stealing a laptop can serve you one is for one year in jail. I'd say it's a lot of the punishment, but let's just say for argument's sake, one year of jail. Does deserve punishment for stealing a laptop? A positive and positive vision is saying, this person has to be punished for one year. It cannot be more, that will be unfair. But it can also not be less. Even if there's like a reason, like this person says, oh, judge, your honor, I'm never going to do it again. I know my lesson is one time, never again. Not a minute. You have to impose one year, and this is what positive vision is about. I mentioned the famous German philosophers. And yes, they might walk home. They probably don't get any more famous than this. And he famously said in his work, that you can read it for yourself, either if we are going to dissolve like some society, you know, we're going to move away. This is his way of saying, one's been served no purpose whatsoever. You know, it's not necessary to punish you. But he's saying the last person should still be punished. And this shows you punishment is convincing good and has to be done no matter what. Even if it doesn't serve any purpose. So nowadays, you know, quite a few billionaires are thinking about going to Mars. Let's say they take a thousand people with them. According to this theory, if they commit a crime, they should still be punished for that on earth, even if it's of no concern of us, because there will be a march anywhere. That's how you can move it. So this is positive relativism. Of course, it's easy to guess that if there's a positive relativism, there will also be a negative relativism and not put them next to each other, so it's really easy to see the difference because the definition of negative conservatism is the guilty may be punished to the extent of the church. So the similarity, and this is why it's both authoritarianism, the similarity is that in both cases, the maximum punishment is the same. So let's take this laptop sample, one year of until time, that's what you deserve. Also, in negative patriotism, you cannot be bothered more than one year. Three years, not allowed. One year and one day, not allowed. You deserve one year. But, in negative patriotism, you are allowed, you can say, well, maybe for reasons of utility, this person, Like, let's say, there's two persons, Steven O'Happell, but this person is nearly young and really remorseful and saying, I'm not going to do it again. This person is already, like, an abrogation, is studying more. And if we punish this person for one year, he or she will not be finished to finish the board agree. Maybe, you know, one end or the other. But that's not important one year. That's only due, like, a suspended sentence. That is allowed according to negative trutivism. And this is actually, as will be 10 slides later, my last slide. This is actually a mixed theory because it has both elements of trutivism, which determines the maximum, and in the therianism which allows you to pose less punishment if it is necessary. All right. So far, I've discussed rututututism in quite an abstract way. And I said it was associated with the German philosophers. But I'm not going to be discussing their theories. I'm going to be discussing two, you could say, parions of rututututism. The first one is, I think it's interesting, it's a sulted rututututism. It's basically saying, it's advice, the need for punishment to emotion. It's saying hating criminals is morally right. And I think this is interesting because oftentimes we're still being taught, or maybe you feel you should lay, that maybe we should be more forgiving. feelings you get like you see a movie about like a child molester and you say to your friend you're thinking of this person should be and then you think some horrible stuff you feel maybe I should think about it this way but actually this theory say yes you should feel this way there's actually something wrong with you if you have no emotion whatsoever about a horrible person like this so I think it's interesting and it will show you that You know, yes, computer vision is dependent upon behavior, and it's very complicated stuff to read it. But actually, it boils down to the notion, the feeling we have is something commits a crime, he or she should be punished. And that's something we all, to a certain extent, have. The second, I would say, example of computer physics theory is that punishment is actually a kind of communication. It's a complicated way of communicating to the criminal and to society, basically saying, this is wrong, what you did. And an American philosopher names Nozig, that's about 34 years ago he died, and he compares punishment with a telegram. And if you don't know what it is, compare this to a WhatsApp message or a single message. And that was actually delivered at your home. Sometimes, nowadays, it still happens if the king wants to give somebody accommodation. But, and this is basically according to Nozick, but punishment is life. So imagine, if you were the person stealing a laptop, it would break. You feel your mobile phone in your pocket, you open it, you have a WhatsApp message from the government saying, this is how wrong what you did was. That is what punishment is all about. But it's about your communication. Of course you might say, you know, who cares about just the message? You know, who cares about just the message, this is how wrong what you did was. And that's actually true. I think maybe in a closely lived society, you know, one of the secluded tribe living on an island that never had any contact with the outside world, well, maybe if the town's leader would say this, it would really have an effect. It would really be spelled like punishment. What, as Nozier just said, a telegram, what San Francis isn't enough, you should The thing you would have caused by committing a criminal offense should also be communicated to you by means of punishment. Every day you're in jail, you're connected to the correct value. But if you commit, let's say, the worst crime you can imagine, murder, and you're going to be spending the rest of your life In jail, every day you're connected to this crime. You're thinking, I'm here in this tiny room because I murdered an innocent human being. And that is what punishment is all about. I think there's largely something true about it. And it also shows to society that some crimes are worse than other crimes. Murder, my real life sentence. that Steven O'Lepo is definitely not going to be one year. It's going to be way less than one year. It shows you that Steven O'Lepo isn't as evil as Kitty. All right. Let's talk about, I would say, the core of conservatism. I've talked about a lot today. One has been switching proportional to the severity of the crime. which is basically another way of saying, is how much punishment do you deserve for a drug? And like I said in the left of example, probably you will see today, tomorrow in the working group, when discussing question seven, about how much punishment should she impose. Not everybody in this room will think about it the same way. Partly explained by her personality, but also I will say, partly explained, by the criminal law system you're from. Maybe you're from a criminal law system where, you know, if you look at the person in the wrong way, you already get, like, a very severe sentence, or maybe you're from a criminal law system where, as generally, you're very mild-priced, but they're beautiful as a shoe. So it's very difficult to say what the third point of it actually is. In the old days, you used to have, you might know about this Natalia, an eye for an eye, two is for two. This seemed easy. If you're a person, you will be killed. If you're still a person, you'll have to get that person some property. So it doesn't really work in practice, Natalia. So we have to find another way to measure the punishment. So I would say here today that really, You cannot say for all societies, like stealing a laptop is one year. But I think what you can do as a society, as a criminal law system, is determine this crime is more serious than that crime. Like rape is more serious than stealing a laptop. Murder is more serious than positive on the injury. Murdering a person physically... Potentially, I'm not sure about this, it's more serious than only insulting a person. So, how much punishment a crime, the maximum punishment, but also the judge in practice, in motion, at least shows society how much value we owe more to the criminal case. So that is how we do it. And I, you know, I'm not going to go all mathematical on you. But this is something of a formula also devised by Lster and Nozick. He's saying that there's an appointment in R, times H, where R stands for responsibility, and H stands for the amount of heart. And actually, a large part of this course we're going to be discussing content that applies to responsibility. If you act intentionally, horrendously, or if you only have negatives, or the way you want to blame it all for this good offense, that's really important. Do you have an excuse where you're completely, mentally safe when committing this murder, or are they acting under the delusion that aliens told you to do so, or maybe you're not truly responsible? is all is very important for the amount of responsibility. Then the amount of harm, how serious is the harm, death, rape, injury, death, but maybe insulting a person nowadays has more and more attention for psychological harm, could it also be included in definition. These are just the most important factors. You can just see in every criminal code, murder, probably the most severe sentence, live sentence, causing severe body injury, less severe, say 12 years, causing simple injury, only three years. So there's no kind of distinctions in the criminal. There's one interesting thing is, what is more important? Responsibility. or the harm. And let me already introduce you to the topic of week five, which is in goer defenses like attempted homicides. What if you own the attempt to kill a person? You have the responsibility, but actually there is no result. But ask yourself this question. What is actually worse? One person trying to murder his neighbor, you know, going there, trying to fire the gun at his neighbor. But somehow the neighbor escapes, the bullet misses, and the neighbor is still alive. Or you, or another person, that's not like it's about you, a person driving home, you know, thinking about this next year, what did the professor say? I don't understand. He say not. Did he say yes? You're not paying attention, and you bump into a person. might be negative. But your state of mind, definitely, is way less serious. But here, you actually did kill a person. So what is more worthy of punishment with inadvertently killing a person or intentionally trying to kill a person but not succeeding? It's an interesting moral question, and it's named moral luck. if you want to try to defend them. All right, with 10 minutes, for the other theory, you might say, well, this is never going to proceed. But fortunately, the fairness is a very easy and straightforward theory. And in the theory of defend them, the definition of simultaneously And people tell you there's an aim to achieve a maximum amount of happiness in society rather than personal crime. So pretty much you can apply even if there's an average topic in the world. You can also apply for your own life. You can say whatever I do, I'm trying to maximize my own utility. But here it's applying to one specific area, society, which is crime. It makes him a lot of happiness by the prevention of crime. And this is how easy the theory is. You have evil and good, no one needs a script or a movie. And the evil stuff is crime, of course, because nobody likes crime. And if there's a lot of crime in society, it means there's a lot of unhappiness in society. But, like I explained today, If you punish a person, that person is not going to like it as well. So that person, all the people in jail, all the people having to pay huge fines, they're also going to be more unhappy than they otherwise would have been. But the only reason we're allowed to impose punishment is if the amount of punishment leads to So much prevention that in the end, overall, you have a happier society. And of course, you cannot predict this in every situation. Like a judge who would apply into terrorism is not going to determine every case, like with the calculator, you know, I have to do like this and this and then this and that. It doesn't work like this. In practice, it's better to impose like a punishment which normally will do the trick. But in the end, this is the essence of this definition. And whenever you hear politicians talk about crime and new trials, they always have this in mind. They always say, we should increase the maximum punishment for murder. And there will be less murder if we do this than this. In practice, generally, You know, theoretical research shows that the amount of punishments, the maximum punishment, doesn't have all that much influence on how much crime actually happens. But if you, you know, follow all the things, it seems like this kind of reasoning is, you know, it's everyday there. And that's why I said in the beginning of this lecture, I've never actually seen a maximum punishment decrease. It's always, it should be higher and higher. So this is the essence of the interpretation. So how can we actually prevent crime by means of punishment? First of all, it's individual deterrence. That means you steal a laptop. You're going to jail for one year. You build my head. And you say, I'm not going to do this again. This is no fun. That's individual deterrence. You deter the person that is being punished. or committed crime in the future. The second goal is a general goal question, and I would say this is probably the most important one, is general assurance. People who steal laptops, deadlines, computers, other stuff, will go to jail. We hear about this, we read about this in the newspaper, and this influences some of us, not to do so. Maybe if you see a laptop unattended, you feel, ooh, I could take this. And maybe if you're a student do this, you know, if you're a student you would say yes. Because I'll do this, maybe you'd say, I'd like to do this, but I'm not going to do this because maybe I will be funny. So that's general endurance, and that's probably the most important goal of the detective. You also have some moral influence. I talked about fake driving. Nowadays, it's a crime to fake and drive. It wasn't so in 1970 that everybody felt it was normal to fake and drive. But since this law has been in place for many, many years, now a lot of people actually feel it is wrong to fake and drive. So the law actually changed our feelings about some kind of behavior. And that's also one of the ways in which crime is defended. Because actually, it's better to say, I'm not going to make a crime because it's wrong than to do so. Can I do it today because we're not being police or not? That's actually not a good way to defend crime. It's better if people actually feel you should not commit a crime. Fourth one. You know, the limitations are always true. Sometimes jails are more like a university, but they're for criminals. There are actually some companies like Scandinavian companies come to mind. When I have good initiatives in the penal system, my ex is trying to better the criminal. That means he or she is not going to have crimes anymore. It's not because I don't fear, because they actually have to become better persons, and usually getting an education tremendously helps them. The final goal, or the final way in which you can try, is to get an education. And this is, of course, the most horrible example. If you kill a person, you have no punishment, and that person is not going to commit any more crime. I mean, it's just as easy as that. But same goes for locking a person in jail. If a person spends time in jail, The person is not going to commit any crimes, at least not outside of jail. So at this point, you can't say nothing works, but it doesn't work. If you agree with this, of course, that's all of the state. Yeah, deputantism, for posterity, I talked about this for a last part of the lecture in the context of computerism. I would say proportionality, even if one has a different definition, but proportionality and the set of punishment is something which only belongs to the privileged person. But if you talk about sitting on the lap of the individual of one year, this isn't essentially the truth of this concept. But this is very recent, doesn't care about moral, all that high and mighty stuff that goes along with the truth of this concept. The use of Therianism only cares about effective punishment. So they don't implicitly care about proportionate punishment. And it's very difficult for you to see what this picture depicts. It's a very old picture. You can see the maximum punishment, the maximum speed limit is 50 miles per hour. This is in China more than a century ago. And actually, you have 15. It isn't nowadays really that fast. But at that time, these were, has been, these were actually, they were actually trying to communicate that punishment for violating international punishment is what actually happened. Because sometimes you can also just threaten the person. But actually, these kinds of punishments, and you see the same, I would say in America, about 30 years ago in California had these peace crimes show out crimes. Basically, she committed three crimes, she could go to jail for the rest of her life. But the third crime could as well be like stealing a Snickers bar. And there's actually people still in jail for essentially stealing, you know, something which is worth less than a euro. Obviously, this is disproportionate punishment. What Lutheranism doesn't care about is, if this works, if this leads to one happiness inscribing, we should do it. It doesn't mean that in practice, Lutheranism always leads to such heinous punishment. Because there are mechanisms in Lutheranism that actually lead to lesser punishment. The first one is the greater the offense, the greater reason that we score a superior punishment. Generally, you can tell yourself, say, for murder, yeah, it should be a life sentence. Because we really want to defend murder. It's the worst crime there is. But note that then it's going to say, you have to be speaking. And you actually need to kill people in order to make people, to make people, make people, make people. But our mechanisms, to keep the punishment lower. The second reason is, you know, maybe it works, getting people to make you obey the street limit. I definitely, probably, will not even drive my car, or pass it on. This works, okay? So it does work. But it doesn't necessarily lead to an unhappy society. If everybody hears punishment, you actually create unhappiness by this fiscal Washington punishment. So that's not going to be known to do this, even if it works. In the last principle, forcing on a principle, subsidiarity you might say, yesterday there's a sense that punishing a person causes misery for that person tries to find the lowest punishment that does the trick. And I think everybody in this room would agree, you know, if you want to make sure everybody sticks to the speed limit, We don't really need to execute people. And if you really want to make sure it never happens, a very, very, very extreme fine works for the most part, maybe billionaire-excluded, is actually tied to the person who's trying to understand the perspective of the person. But now it's time. This is my last slide. Fortunately, I've already discussed Everything about the mixed theory, which is a mixture between perturfism and authoritarianism, in my slide about negative perturfism. To just write down, you know, mixed theory is negative perturfism. See before and at the end of the set, and you can go, you're working groups, if you have to, and see you.